---
title: "Case #1: Murder, he prompted"
date: "2025-09-04"
author: "Stefano Trinchero"
description: "The first case of the infamous 'Murder, he prompted' series"
excerpt: "Chief Prompter Jameson 'Stiegowitz' Aguardento carefully dragged and even more carefully dropped the pdf file into the designated interface..."
categories: ["Fiction"]
tags: ["fiction", "comedy"]
---


Chief Prompter Jameson "Wodko" Aguardento carefully dragged and even more carefully dropped the pdf file into the designated interface and clicked the *SEND* button.

The detective on the other side of the screen started thinking and analyzing and reasoning on the file while a rotating circle kept rotating on the screen. *Agentic policing* they now call it. Can you believe this shit?, thought Aguardento, where *you* was still himself, or the imaginary listener that he usually impersonated during his workdays, the only partner he got left, the silent, patient custodian of all his secrets and complaints.


When he finished digesting the file the detective asked:


> How can I help you today, Chief? 

For Christ's sake, thought Aguardento, since you're so smart, can't you just figure it out?

He sighed, he shooked his head, he asked himself if he could believe this shit and then he went back to work.



> murder

, he prompted.

A rotating icon appeared on the screen and Aguardento was once again staring at that. 

> Looks like you got yourself a murder, Chief.

, said the detective.


> Yeah? Why don't you tell me something I don't know

, typed Aguardento. But then he didn't send.

You never know with this machines, he thought, maybe they're just chips and cables or maybe one day they come alive 